So now, let's talk about AWS Trusted Advisor.
So you don't need to install anything.
It's a service that gives you a high level
account assessment on your account.
It's going to check for a few things
and advise you on them.
So the checks can be, for example,
do you have EBS Public Snapshots?
Or do you have RDS Public Snapshots?
Or are you using the root accounts for your accounts?
So all these things are checked by Trusted Advisor
and they are grouped in six categories.
We have cost optimization, performance,
security, fault tolerance,
service limits, and operational excellence.
So you have what's called the three sets of checks,
the core sets of checks,
and then you have the full set of checks.
And to have access to the full set of checks,
you need to have a business
or an enterprise support plan.
On top of it, if you do switch
on the business and enterprise support plan,
then you get programmatic access
to Trusted Advisor through the AWS Support API.
So I think it's best for you to see what Trusted
Advisor is made of to really understand it.
So here, I am in Trusted Advisor.
And as you can see, you have recommendations.
So zero actions are recommended,
but two investigations are recommended for me,
and then there are some checks on excluded items or not.
But as we can see, we have two
on security that must be looked at.
So it turns out that one of my bucket
is actually allowing a global access.
So I need to verify it and make sure it's correct.
And as you can see, 29 of my 60 security group rules
allow unrestricted access to a specific port.
So again, this is something I should look at.
Maybe that's my intention, maybe that's a problem.
But you can see right away,
I get prompted to upgrade my support plan
to get all Trusted Advisor checks.
So let me show you what I mean.
On the left-hand side,
we have the Recommendation categories.
And if I click on Cost optimization,
as you can see, I get none of the checks available
because I need to update my support plan.
So all these things are actually not available for me
and I need to pay for the service
to actually make some cost optimizations.
Same for performance, I get access to nothing.
If I go to Fault tolerance,
again, I get access to nothing.
Operational excellence, again, access to nothing.
The only two things I have access to is security.
So here, we get some checks, the core checks.
And in here, I have my Bucket Permissions,
my Security Group ports, my EBS Public Snapshot,
RDS Public Snapshot, and so on.
But as soon as I go in here
to the more advanced security checks,
then, again, I need to update my support plan.
Finally, you can have a look
at Service limits directly in Trusted Advisor.
That's one way of doing it.
So you can have a look at your Auto Scaling Groups,
your CloudFormation Stacks, your DynamoDB Read
and Write Capacity and so on.
So Trusted Advisor is not a very interesting service
to look at when you don't pay for the support plan,
but at least this should give you an idea
of how Trusted Advisor is used in AWS,
and therefore answer your exam questions on it.
All right, so that's it.
I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.